  
here is my link: https://codepen.io/HeWHoCartsRoses/pen/ExaaZbm?editors=1100

  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
		HTML coding that can be easily understood and read
    2. What is HTML used for? 
		hyper link markup text
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	an attribute is a property of an element, and you put it in the <>
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	titles and you should only use it once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
		<html>
		<body>
    7. What is an id? 
	an id is an identifier so you can add an attribute one thing specifically
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	all of them.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	only once
    10. What is a class? 
	an attribute that can be used in multiple places
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	any of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	middle click it. or target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	alrtnat tex that has to be rendered if the actual thing doesnt render in
    15. How do I reference an id?
	idname {}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	a section is for styling while a div just throws them into the box
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	making the HTML look pretty
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	nameOfElement{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	a class can be used multiple times but an id can only be used once. an id for the h1 tag, or a class for divs
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.className{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	it selects all the kids in the parent that are viable for its parameters. a good example would be for a list.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar div >a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	a property of an element that can be subject to change to change under special conditions
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	uppercase,lowercase,capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{
	border: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*
	{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
		/*anything between these two will be a comment
		*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm <file>
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	to make sure untested product does not get out and cause a bunch of bugs
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	once you have made a lot of changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin <branch name>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork the project
	collaborate with TL
	clone it in your own machine
	branch the project
	commit the changes to branch
	push it to github
	compare your branch to master
	
	stretch questions:
	1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	you can set a width and height with a block, and paddings are respected
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	it doesnt change even depending on the view, and behaves as though it is not there.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	change the text size or allow it to fill a height.
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	div, header, or footer would be considered block by default. a and span would be inline by default, and img would be inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
	it is boxes within boxes, showing groupings of texts, links or animations  with a specific size. the fix would be a border box.